 Review your initial game design document. Compare and contrast the game you had initially planned and your final outcome. 
... 
At the beginning of the year when I first started making my game I was very set on what I wanted to get done and what features my game would end up having, however like most things I ended up completely changing my game and story line with new art ideas and all. I wanted the original story to be based on a kelpie from Celtic mythology that was the protagonist and have humans be the antagonists. However I quickly came to the idea of my main character being an owl instead because I believed that it was a more achievable and realistic goal. Although I changed the idea the concept basically stayed the same with the functions I wanted to enable and all together I am happy with what I have been able to make in the time.  Even with the new Idea I had many different things that I had to consider such as wat perspective it was going to be, or what was the colour theme going to look like, or would the art all match together. I also wanted to challenge myself with the coding sides of things and force myself to learn new things so that meant that I added things like enemies that flew instead of walked like I had originally planed in my initial game design document.

Given each of the initial success criteria that you determined when designing your project, was your game a success? Why or why not? 
...
I think the one of the biggest helps throughout the whole project was asking my peers what they thought of my game, whether the art was good or whether different functions made sense. I was constantly asking people so that my end users would be able to enjoy the game as much as I wanted them too and I believe that I succeeded in that. I made my game easy to understand. Easy to control. interesting without being confusing. And fun without being obnoxious. Perhaps I could have added different features that made the game more difficult but then maybe my end users would have been put off it and would have not understood how to complete the game. So overall I believe that it ticked the boxes.

Describe the testing process you undertook to ensure your game functioned as intended. 
...
As I said above I tested many times with other people and their opinions, but I also tested the actual fundamentals of the game such as how the character would operate or how colliding with a certain tile would make the character jump away and lose damage or make them teleport to a completely different map. I also went online and tested a lot of code on Python Arcade to see what I could add to my own to improve it. I also made sure that each sprint I recorded what I tested in terms of code because I wanted to look back and see how much I had made. I made sure that through out adding new code I worked through bugs instead of deleting the added bit because I knew that the end result would be worth it. I also looked at the list of required things needed in my code and made sure that I had them and they were made to the best of my ability and with the time we were given.

Describe your trialing process, and the impact that it had on the development of your outcome. 
... 
Having trials was extremely helpful because it gave perfect oportunities for me to have conversations with other class mates and have them judge my game. Trialing from the beginning meant that I was able to quickly decide how my art would look and so I was able to get opinions on that and compare potential ideas to others and it gave a different perspective to how I would have made the game if I was by myself and was only following a specific path. After I had decided what art style I wanted I had to decide what kind of perspective I wanted my game to be made in, whether that be 2D, 3D, isometric, or oblique. And so yet again with the help of my peers I was able to determine that I would make my game in oblique. I think that making that decision based on that trial was a smart move because I was then able to go ahead and make more unique art and come up with different ways that I wanted my character to interact with things. Like how I trialed having trees be a boarder against the edge or just plain water. Although the answer might have been obvious it meant that I was able to be sure that it was the right decision and that other people agreed with me and that it would make the game more enjoyable.

Discuss in detail how testing and trialing the components of your game lead to the development of a high quality task. 
... 
Overall I believe that testing and trialing lead my game to be developed to as high a quality as I was able to make. This is because it allowed me to make changes and branch towards different possibilities that I had originally not even considered. It also stopped my game from being very one sided in the sense that I wasn't just making every decision about the project myself but was also listening to what other people had to say about it. This also meant that I got inspired from what I had seen and was able to go forwards and become more creative. For example I wanted to add a different biome to my game but I was worried that it might upset the overall feel of the game and that it might become to cliché, but by asking and standing back and trialing it against other ideas I was able to determine that it was a good decision. I think that the testing was very  beneficial because I have now produced a game that I am extremely proud of and I believe that I wouldn't have gotten here if I hadn't tested and trailed my way through it. 

Given the opportunity to develop this game again, what parts of the *process* would you change and why?
... 
Firstly I would have managed my time better, although I am happy with how I did end up managing it I would like to maybe plan what I needed to do better instead of coming up with a completely different plot and perspective. I also would like to have perhaps spent more time on what my game was going to end up looking like in the end so that I knew what I had to do to get there. It was good however having some surprises because it meant that I personally was excited to see  